# AirLine-Passenger-Satisfaction-Analysis-Dashboard
This is an Airline Passenger Satisfaction Analysis Dashboard PowerBI

Abstract of the project:
In the service sector, Airline Industry is the biggest transportation industry in worldwide. To achieve customer loyalty quality service plays a vital role, so this industry needs to focus on unique service strategy to attract and retain its customers.Service quality is the most influential factors of this industry. This project looks at thebasic powers of service quality impacts on the airline travelers. This project broke downthe information from travelers of two classes, economy, and business. The outcomes propose that there are various components of in-flight service quality that are significant as indicated by the client and class. The dimensionality of service quality in universalair travel was investigated and three measurements were distinguished. These measurements remember for flight service, in-flight computerized administration andservice and back-office activities. The discoveries uncover that these three measurements are emphatically identified with see administration and service quality in universal air travel and of these measurements, Cuisines given, seat comfort wellbeing
are the most significant measurement in-flight administration service quality. Individual amusement is the most significant measurement as seen via aircraft travelers In-flight
advanced help quality. Online ticket booking is another measurement in back-office tasks. Moreover, the discoveries demonstrate that traveller’s fulfillment on premise ofthe services conveyed. In the intensely competitive environment, customer satisfactionhas become the key focus of airlines to help them retain existing customers and enhance
opportunities of attracting new customers. The present study focuses on understandingthe importance of various attributes that impact passenger satisfaction based on online
ratings .Results indicate that service and value for money attributes are the mostimportant factors influencing customer satisfaction in India. Further based on the type of passenger and type of airline, results vary significantly. 
